Wow see ya
Empire is one of our most discussed
products rights not least because it was
you know commercially certainly one of
our biggest and it reached kind of the
biggest number of people the biggest
number of firms but if you know it did a
number of things which which which some
people you know kind of wanted and
others vilified and I think it it was a
pretty interesting set of design choices
I mean um you know naval battles okay
let me edit those where do you start
with something like that design-wise
when you when you add a naval battles
again you going we've had land battles 4
X many iterations and made those better
what you just go well this is just a
land battle at sea no no different yeah
he's a lot of point looking you what
actually happened you know you go to the
history actually naval battles are very
tedious in real life forever yeah saying
about whereas an hour of knowing that
you're gonna dine in three minutes where
you got slow motion car crash reshma if
you look at most if you look at most
naval battles of the period they do have
the error somebody knows that they're
going to get been so there is this kind
of car crash how do you gonna fit into a
game got they've got this a real slow
engagement process and this formation
process a tickly each it's kind of
interesting one little bit is like it is
like two yachts going around of course
there's that constant jockeying about
you know when you say a same race yeah
you're joking around trying to get in
wind position because that's going but
at least they're not actually shooting
into you know before I'd be muscle
immersed in in RPGs or vs as well yeah
FPS where I'm actually the the you know
the character not the 3rd person games
but yes yes but this was a strategy game
that had the same kind of level of
emotions that the suspense were
summation hours a nation you know and
yet that has that kind of nostalgic you
know memory this is exactly why just to
go back to point earlier what people get
across with is if you don't do exactly
what yeah because I get so into it so
we're messing with the meat under
yes man you'll see it couldn't blog on a
high level this the interesting thing
about this is that our games are
generating real experiences for people
in which case were almost transcending
art and literature oh it's true quite a
suit Ron sense yeah good games Tim good
good news right because there is so
there are so many games out there that
you play and like I said the popcorn
experiences you enjoy them they're a
visual feast or whatever but you don't
come away with an indelible personal
effect it's like you in fact it's not
whispered with steam hours we can see
how many hours people people hunt and
they play for hundreds of strikes out
and and it's it's yes there was a garden
was a guy on the forms of don't whinging
rather faculty and I used that word
advisedly he had a good value even
though he played for 19 days pay
thirty-five dollars for some units
entertaining for 1900 hours I mean we
had a normal average console game now
what six hours six to ten it tastes good
tens are good I mean you know that's you
better brush the surface
I like it when the game does something
we didn't intend it to yeah gives us a
bit of a surprise I remember playing mid
one and one of my allies which have been
an ally for a long time now is to take
one of my reasons off me in a way which
we never intended and the way did it was
he said a bunch of bishops in cause the
repeat cause the peasant rebellion and
then send a diplomat in and bribe the
rebels I'd lost the reason I was still
his ally I couldn't do anything about
brilliant and pumping work the game
doesn't even something unintended but
clever emergent behavior yeah the first
time you see the elephants in running
that was yeah as what I always described
as the Zulu moment yeah you know the zoo
dusit thousand did you know where you
well know those had 110 when I was plata
sin motivo i won battle where is this
British Army or English Amish and say in
Egypt and there's a sandstorm and the
enemy are off in the distance it was I
was about three of them this sounds dull
waves it no the better quit they're all
standing there 20 yards away Jesus
Christ and it was that was that was kind
of him yeah that was kind of impressive
first time sorting that was a place we
have a lot of good taking place and it'd
be nice to you know just really focus on
consoles and contact me okay yeah yeah
see it's yeah I like that I like the way
that I hope my hope is that the the the
power and the computational ability of
both GPU CPUs memory whatever it
whatever platform were on whether it's
consoles pcs whatever we do right where
ever you know entertainment goes gets to
the point where it's so large and so big
it becomes an utterly creative medium it
just purely becomes about what can you
do within this power base rather than
what can you push to the limits of the
power base this is why we're building
towards
we've got we've put on nice chunky tools
team for four Shogun 2 i'm from napoleon
and it's becoming an easier it is
becoming easy on easy to generate
content it's still bumpy and rocky but
you know as the tools smooth out as they
improve then it becomes easier and
easier for people to generate content
you may release the tools I don't know I
have no idea what's going to go on down
the future but I so just let me shake
just be completely really freezing and
it freezes up to be creative in the way
that we want to on the project gives us
the ability to just create stuff or not
without interpretation and that would be
that
you